README.md, before:

# observe-weather
A plugin for remote-observer that interfaces with a weather station


This controller calls the Alpaca API of the weather device and returns a status object in this format:

```
{
  temperature: -1,        // in degrees Celsius
  dewPoint: 0,            // in degrees Celsius
  windSpeed: 1,           // in m/s
  windDirection: 2,       // in degrees eastward from north (360 for north, 0 for no wind)
  windGust: -3.2834679,   // peak 3 second wind gust over the last 2 minutes in m/s
  cloudCover: .4,         // as a percentage
  humidity: .05,          // as a percentage
  skyBrightness: .6561,   // in lux
  rainRate: 7.93417,      // in mm/hr
  skyQuality: 8,          // in magnitudes per square arcsecond
  skyTemperature: 9,      // in degrees Celsius
  starFwhm: 10,           // seeing in arcseconds
  pressure: 11            // in hPa at the observatory's altitude (not sea level)
}
```

If for the controller can't retrieve any of the weather metrics for any reason, it will give the metric a null value.

# Setup
Inside the observe-client config, add the controller:

```js
module.exports = {
  firebase: {
    // ...
  },
  controllers: [
    {
      type: 'weather',
      package: 'observe-weather',
      filePath: '/an/absolute/observe-weather/index.js',
      baseUrl: 'https://url.to.observatory.weather/api/v1/observingconditions',
      deviceNumber: 42,
      clientId: 65535
    }
  ]
}
```

# Deploy a new version

1. Execute `npm version patch` - preferrable a patch or minor relea
2. Execute `git push origin master --tags`
3. Execute `npm publish`
4. Withing the remote-observe web client, initiate a reload

Commit message:

Added precision and fixed security
Due to the precise data returned by Alpaca, sometimes the client ends up updating weather data often when there are only small changes to the data.  In order to reduce the amount of updates, this new code takes in a 'precision' parameter to the config object that tells the controller how many significant digits to return to the client.  Then the controller returns the data formatted that way.  Also included are some dependency changes which should fix some security problems that GitHub showed on the repository page.

README.md, after:

# observe-weather
A plugin for remote-observer that interfaces with a weather station


This controller calls the Alpaca API of the weather device and returns a status object in this format:

```
{
  temperature: -1,        // in degrees Celsius
  dewPoint: 0,            // in degrees Celsius
  windSpeed: 1,           // in m/s
  windDirection: 2,       // in degrees eastward from north (360 for north, 0 for no wind)
  windGust: -3.2834679,   // peak 3 second wind gust over the last 2 minutes in m/s
  cloudCover: .4,         // as a percentage
  humidity: .05,          // as a percentage
  skyBrightness: .6561,   // in lux
  rainRate: 7.93417,      // in mm/hr
  skyQuality: 8,          // in magnitudes per square arcsecond
  skyTemperature: 9,      // in degrees Celsius
  starFwhm: 10,           // seeing in arcseconds
  pressure: 11            // in hPa at the observatory's altitude (not sea level)
}
```

If for the controller can't retrieve any of the weather metrics for any reason, it will give the metric a null value.

# Setup
Inside the observe-client config, add the controller:

```js
module.exports = {
  firebase: {
    // ...
  },
  controllers: [
    {
      type: 'weather',
      package: 'observe-weather',
      filePath: '/an/absolute/observe-weather/index.js',
      baseUrl: 'https://url.to.observatory.weather/api/v1/observingconditions',
      deviceNumber: 42,
      clientId: 65535,
      precision: 3
    }
  ]
}
```

The default numerical precision is 6.

# Deploy a new version

1. Execute `npm version patch` - preferrable a patch or minor relea
2. Execute `git push origin master --tags`
3. Execute `npm publish`
4. Withing the remote-observe web client, initiate a reload
